Yeah, what's the matter with you calling me up?
Such a large field value on cloudy days
I called you up
Of course there is something important to announce
How come?
Did the family change their mind?
I am still the heir to the Wan family
Except for what important role
Say it now
Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce to you
This Master Wan Jie
She is the aunt of the second master of my Wanjia
presumably
Everyone knows
Jie Shao is in the limelight
We already had a son
As expected of Jie Shao
Sure enough
Hey, when I came?
I came across something that didn't have eyes.
He also said that my position as the young master of the Wanjia is unstable
this
Who did you tell this rubbish to?
Equally wild
And ah, except you have pathology
You know what I mean.
And he was right.
From now on, you will no longer be a member of the Wanjia
What are you talking about?
What!
Am I not clear enough?
Thousands of calamities are everywhere, and thousands of families will never return